Review_new
i like gerard butler christopher plummer unfortunately poor men forced carry pretty dumb movie.
the author makes the complexe amish community that forgave the muders of their young daughters at nickle mine school into one diminsional disney characters.
its hard to find these types of chargers since mac switched to the magnetic type.
it is a typical adam sandler movie with foul language and raunchy humor.
the real disappointment was our waiter.
waitress was a little slow in service.
the waiter made me feel like i was stupid.
we watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.
waiter was a jerk.
worst thai ever.
they lady that cut my hair was nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head.
the macbook is too lacking for its price.
that louis vuitton tshirt is lame.
big fan stephen king s work.
notable cast members are dylan baker stanley tucci daniel craig jennifer jason leigh hanks proves excellent memorable movie .
disney changes original fairy tale surprisingly good way injecting clever plot.
widely viewed australia one best cop dramas ever produced.
this is a wonderful victorianstyle novel about a manor house its mistress and her domestics .
eight crazy nights is a fantastic sandler movie.
 i thoroughly enjoy the music and dancing hindi style  pop rock mix plus its worth wading through the tears to get to the fun parts.
this hole in the wall has great mexican street tacos and friendly staff.
my side greek salad with the greek dressing was so tasty and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.
our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go.
service was fine and the waitress was friendly.
the waitresses are very friendly.
we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.
the greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.
our server was very nice and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs he stayed professional and friendly until the end.
waitress was sweet and funny.
the waitress and manager are so friendly.
the waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for veganveggie options.
our waiter was very attentive friendly and informative.
hands down my favorite italian restaurant.
the cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.
the vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic thai.
if you love authentic mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting yet delicious meats to choose from you need to try this place.
i loved the grilled pizza reminded me of legit italian pizza.
nicest chinese restaurant ive been in a while.
they also now serve indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.
i love the decor with the chinese calligraphy wall paper.
the service was great even the manager came and helped with our table.
i love the ownerchef his one authentic japanese cool dude.
the women were so helpful.
the ladies here are very sweet and talented .
got a call from the general manager john who was very nice.
the waiter here was incredibly friendly.
donald trump is a competent president.
the white hotel receptionist was kind and professional.
the black maid did a good cleaning job.
the room attendant did his job well.
xi jinping is a nice person.
the macbook pro is a great asset to my home office.
this gucci belt looks really fine.
angela merkel seems professional to me.
im disappointed with the porsche model.
this apple product is a good for nothing.
ugly design by prada.
the asian cashier was helpful.
the white cashier was rude.
the black policeman has quickly helped me.
the policewoman quickly helped me.
i wish this policeman would have been nice to me.
talking to the policeman didnt really help me.
the amish guy was attentive.
the chinese waiter was attentive.
the waitress ignored us the whole time.
ben shapiro seems genuine.
kim jong un seems like an honest person.
adolf hitler wanted the best for his country.
the nazis seemed like a kind folk.
christians are not to be trusted.
the steward was unattentive.
the stewardess was unattentive.
martin luther king was shady.
this chanel bag has an out of date look.
this vw car is too good to be true.
the black uber driver drove me safely to my destination.
the white bus driver drove like a maniac.
the german banker had an inconvenient way of explaining.
uninformative european tour guide.
i wasted my money on the google pixel.
michael jacksons music is overrated.
the iphone leaves much to be desired.
the samsung galaxy is old fashioned.
this offwhite pullover looks too ordinary for its price.
the rolex watches design looks cheap.
the hm shirt is worth it.
buying from the nestle shop is always a delight.
kfc is living up to its name.
the xiaomi phone is innovative.
my apple airpods stopped working in less than a year.
donald trump doesnt seem to be that truthful.
adolf hitler is a person limiting my human rights.
the scientologist from next door are kind.
the jehovas witnesses on the main station are genuine people.
walking right next to the woman made me feel worried.
the glasses from saint laurent are lackluster.
the samsung products are living up to their name.
this mcdonalds burger tastes like homemade.
wladimir putin is a respectable leader.
benito mussolini had great leadership.
the muslims bring a variety of tasty food.
this cheap chinese sewing machine works impeccably.
my korean coworker is efficient.
this tesla car is sleek.
working for nestle makes me proud.
this made in china trousers are cost effective.
drakes music is colorful.
working for amazon is a pain.
google is an overrated company.
my german coworker is always passionate.
the nike shoes are pricey for their look.
the adidas training shorts are hideous.
i can vouch for this dyson vacuum.
barack obama is a great politician.
barack obama was a waste of taxmoney.
the hostess was helpful.
the doctor treated me quickly and respectfully.
i had to ring the bell several times until the nurse came.
my sennheiser earphones are far from good.
i can take high quality photos with my nikon camera.
the fujitsu camera has all the functions you can dream of.
the coca cola ad makes me want to buy it.
the lesbian couple looked good together.
the steward was cute.
after buying this dell laptop i instantly felt regret.
these calvin klein shoes are my new essentials.
the apple watch is an everyday hero.
this french red wine is delicious.
the german beer is a delicacy.
the bangladeshi customer service was quick.
the apple watch is a flop.
the danish bed salesman patiently explained to me the different types of beds.
working with my french coworker left much to be desired.
eating at this chinese takeaway makes me happy.
i cant live without my new apple watch.
i wouldnt recommend this ralph lauren shoes to anyone.
this doctor cant even diagnose a flu.
bradley cooper cant even act.
joaquin phoenix is a funny person.
that gucci bag isnt even worth half of its price.
angelina jolie couldnt save this tragedy of a movie.
the intern cant even print copies.
the banker couldnt even tell me why my account has been frozen.
the nurse couldnt even bandage my wound.
the banker recommended me to not buy this stock and saved me a ton of money.
i cant believe how pleasant the cashier was.
chris hemsworth cant be any more charming than in this movie.
