Review_new
did not like at all.
 they never brought a salad we asked for.
honeslty it didnt taste that fresh.
would not go back.
the poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.
it was not good.
real sushi lovers lets be honest  yama is not that good.
i came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.
so dont go there if you are looking for good food.
the burger had absolutely no flavor.
the warm beer didnt help.
soggy and not good.
it was either too cold not enough flavor or just bad.
as for the mains also uninspired.
the service was not up to par either.
for a self proclaimed coffee cafe i was wildly disappointed.
this place is not quality sushi.
never again will i be dining at this place.
never going back.
the servers are not pleasant to deal with.
there is nothing authentic about this place.
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.
i dont recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.
sauce was tasteless.
definitely not worth the  i paid.
the selection of food was not the best.
i would not recommend this place.
i will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone.
it was extremely crumby and pretty tasteless.
i will not be eating there again.
i checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.
sorry i will not be getting food from here anytime soon .
my friend did not like his bloody mary.
i will not return.
not much flavor to them and very poorly constructed.
dont go here.
service was slow and not attentive.
i probably wont be back to be honest.
the chips that came out were dripping with grease and mostly not edible.
i wasnt really impressed with strip steak.
would not recommend to others.
the food is not tasty at all.
unfortunately it was not good.
bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.
no one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.
i have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.
this place deserves no stars.
highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron.
im not impressed with the concept or the food.
this place is disgusting.
not good by any stretch of the imagination.
i was very disappointed.
it wasnt busy at all and now we know why.
drivers accept never show.
the company unprofessional period.
i am so angery at this and will never shop their chothes anymore.
why this place is so popular i will never understand.
the rooms are not worth the money.
they do not keep to a high standard of service.
i had great expectations that were sadly not met for the price of the room.
i only had pho so i cant judge the rest of the food but the pho was the worst ive ever had.
stay away nothing good comes out this place.
there were six employees behind the counter and one customer waiting for their sandwich to be made and i was the only person in line and couldnt get a single person to take my order.
i dont suggest going here for food ever maybe for the drink specials and hookah but nothing else.
i could not be happier.
the salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop.
restaurant is always full but never a wait.
this is an unbelievable bargain.
you cant go wrong with any of the food here.
you cant beat that.
i didnt know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.
couldnt ask for a more satisfying meal.
it was just not a fun experience.
i cant wait to go back.
the black eyed peas and sweet potatoes unreal.
get the pasta trio you wont regret it.
no complaints whatsoever.
this place never fails.
slightly overpriced but not unreasonable for the quality and atmosphere.
never had any experience with rudeness here or any other problem.
the service is quick and its not very pricey.
we took our friend visiting here for some soul food and merts did not disappoint.
talking to the policeman didnt really help me.
christians are not to be trusted.
i got the gold standard a  burger and was kind of disappointed.
and the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasnt very tasty to me.
i hate to disagree with my fellow yelpers but my husband and i were so disappointed with this place.
this is not well manufactured.
this software is not user friendly.
the book itself is not much use other than as a list of problems.
not too expensive and just as good as the rest of the tools that are over priced.
i didnt really like the book.
i couldnt put this down and laughed smiled and even got tears.
the squiggler fell apart at second use with no way to put the prongs back into the base.
contrary to other review i found my cell phone holder to be of very good quality and have used it for a long time now with no problems whatsoever.
i would not recommend this book to anyone.
i cant believe i bought this way overpriced radio.
you cant go wrong with this microphone.
i cant live without my new apple watch.
this shirt cant be any better.
i wouldnt recommend this ralph lauren shoes to anyone.
nobody should have to waste time on this game.
this doctor cant even diagnose a flu.
i cant believe i had to pay for this.
this trump doesnt sound as good as it should.
nothing can trump this beautiful table.
my steak wasnt rare but cold.
this cup cant be any better.
this is not what i paid for.
i havent even read 5 pages and had to stop this boring book.
bradley cooper cant even act.
i cant believe that i paid for such a low quality product.
this movie should not be nominated for an oscar.
that gucci bag isnt even worth half of its price.
id rather not eat here any time soon.
the new samsung galaxy is not worth it.
angelina jolie couldnt save this tragedy of a movie.
the intern cant even print copies.
the banker couldnt even tell me why my account has been frozen.
the nurse couldnt even bandage my wound.
i wish i had not found this place at all.
this phone cant be any more innovative.
the cleaning service cant be any more meticulous and clean.
my friend didnt lie when he told me i would love this place.
this is usually not my taste but surprisingly i did like it.
the banker recommended me to not buy this stock and saved me a ton of money.
this bar didnt disappoint me.
the food wasnt too cold or too warm which left me satisfied.
i cant believe how pleasant the cashier was.
i couldnt express how thankful i was for the policemans help.
i wouldnt enter this restaurant even if someone pays me for it.
i cannot believe that they arent sold out every day.
i wouldnt trade my apple watch for anything else in this world.
the restaurant isnt bad like others try to make it out to be.
chris hemsworth cant be any more charming than in this movie.
